Update ADHD dataset in examples to MAIN (#1953)
nilearn/nilearn: doc/introduction.rst

   :class: green

   Want to sharpen your skills with nilearn?

>    Compute the mean EPI for first subject of the fmri

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Compute the mean EPI for first subject of the brain development
```
